Assignment 2: IDE Selection
Choose a Python Integrated Development Envirnoment (IDE) from the following options : Visual Studio code (vs code) or jupyter Notebook.Install the selected IDE on your computer.

To install Visual Studio Code (VS Code) on your computer, follow these steps:

1. Download the Installer:

Visit the official VS Code website: https://code.visualstudio.com/download
Click on the "Download" button. Choose the installer for your operating system (Windows, macOS, or Linux).
2. Run the Installer:

Once the download is complete, double-click the installer file to start the installation process.
Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the installation.   
3. Launch VS Code:

After the installation is finished, you can find VS Code in your applications folder or on your desktop.
Double-click the VS Code icon to launch the application.
Additional Notes:

You can customize VS Code to your preferences by installing extensions from the VS Code Marketplace.
If you encounter any issues during the installation process, refer to the VS Code documentation or search for troubleshooting guides online.

                                                       (or)
To install Jupyter Notebook on your computer, follow these steps:

1. Install Python:

Check if Python is already installed: Open your terminal or command prompt and type python --version. If Python is installed, you'll see the version number.
If Python is not installed: Download and install the latest version from the official Python website: https://www.python.org/downloads/
2. Install Jupyter Notebook:   

Using pip: Open your terminal or command prompt and type the following command:
Bash
pip install jupyter
Use code with caution.

This will install Jupyter Notebook and its dependencies.
3. Run Jupyter Notebook:

Once the installation is complete, type jupyter notebook in your terminal or command prompt. This will launch Jupyter Notebook in your web browser.
4. Create a Notebook:

In the Jupyter Notebook interface, click on the "New" button and select "Python 3" to create a new Python notebook.
Additional Notes:

If you encounter any issues during the installation process, refer to the Jupyter Notebook documentation or search for troubleshooting guides online.
You can customize Jupyter Notebook by installing extensions from the Jupyter Notebook Extensions repository.
